# Badminton Club Application 

<img src="https://github.com/SunnySoldier357/BadmintonClub/blob/master/Images/badminton-club-logo.png" 
     height="150" />

A mobile application made for the Badminton Club of Skyline High
School. The application is made using Xamarin.Forms as well as
Microsoft Azure App Service.

The application is meant to be the main place to get all information
and data related to Badminton Club, such as a blog and player
statistics.

## Logging in

<img src="https://github.com/SunnySoldier357/BadmintonClub/blob/master/Images/login-page.png" 
     width="300" />

The user is initially presented with a login page and can either log-in
or sign-up.

### Signing up

The user has to enter all their credentials as well as 2 other options.
The user has to decide if they want to play competitively, meaning that
they are placed in the club-wide season league. Furthermore, there is a
club pin to ensure that only Badminton Club members can sign-up.

## Blog Page

<img src="https://github.com/SunnySoldier357/BadmintonClub/blob/master/Images/blog-page.png" 
     width="300" />

The blog page showcases all the blogs in a reverse chronological order.
In addition to the actual blog, the person who wrote the blog, their
title, as well as the time they posted the blog are shown as well. The
blog can be refreshed at any time by pressing the refresh button.

### Adding a new Blog Post

<img src="https://github.com/SunnySoldier357/BadmintonClub/blob/master/Images/blog-page-add.png" 
     width="300" />

**Only Admins can add new Blog Posts**

Adding a blog post only requires a title as well as the actual content
of that blog post.

## Season Page

### League Sub-Page

<img src="https://github.com/SunnySoldier357/BadmintonClub/blob/master/Images/season-league-page.png" 
     width="300" />

The league sub-page presents a league table with rankings according to
al the season matches played between players.

#### Adding a Match

<img src="https://github.com/SunnySoldier357/BadmintonClub/blob/master/Images/season-match-add.png" 
     width="300" />

**Only Admins can add new Matches**

Adding a match affects both the player's and opponent's statistics.
Selecting the 'Season Match?' option ensures that this match also
counts as a season match, affecting the league table. Otherwise, the
match is considered a friendly and only affects overall statistics in
the profile page.

Selecting the 'New Season?' options completely resets the league table.

### Statistics Sub-Page

<img src="https://github.com/SunnySoldier357/BadmintonClub/blob/master/Images/season-statistics-page.png" 
     width="300" />
     
The statistics sub-page displays interesting statistics on all the
matches in the league.

## Profile Page

<img src="https://github.com/SunnySoldier357/BadmintonClub/blob/master/Images/profile-page.png" 
     width="300" />
     
The profile page showcases all the individual statistics of the
player as well as a history of past matches (both season and
friendly). The user can also log out on this page.
